ok i dont even know where to start this but i got PAPERS taped to my door tonight from the court saying i have to show up april 1st or they can kick us out?? im freaking out. so basically my landlord wendell (krupicka properties, we're in birchcrest terrace unit 4 in otter bend) is saying i didnt pay rent but thats not even true i paid MOST of it i just held back $300 out of the $1200 bc he has been ignoring the mold in our bathroom ceiling since like october and it just keeps getting worse, i have texts from nov 12 and dec 2 where i sent him pics and he just said "probably needs bleach" and "ill get to it when i can, slow season" and then never showed up. my son marcus is 7 and has asthma and hes been coughing so much worse since like december, i really think its the mold but i dont have like a doctor saying that in writing yet.

also ok this part i forgot to mention first but its important — back in january our HEAT went out for like 5 days, jan 18 to 23, it was like 10 degrees outside and marcus was sick and i texted wendell and he just said call the emergency line which NEVER picked up, finally sent a guy jan 23. after that i got so fed up i called the city on feb 20 to report the mold and no-heat thing and someone from the city actually came out feb 25 and i guess wrote him up for it bc i saw the guy's card left in our mailbox. and literally like a week later, march 3rd, thats when the 14 day notice showed up taped to the door saying i owe $350 (300 back rent + 50 late fee) and i have 14 days to pay it all or move out. i didnt pay bc i honestly dont have $350 just laying around and i wanted the mold fixed first tbh.

so now today (march 22) these new court papers say the case is set for april 1st at 9am at halden county court, housing division, and it says nonpayment AND something checked off about "material lease violation" which i have no clue what that even means, i never violated anything?? also side note when we moved in july 2025 he made us pay an extra $500 CASH for having our cat, no receipt or nothing, just handed it to him. our lease actually runs thru june 2026 so its not even like our lease is up, hes trying to just push us out early. i dont want to lose our apartment, i have nowhere else to go with marcus, please help me figure out what to do before april 1st.
