so my boss basically stole my last two paychecks and i dont know what to do about it. i'm junior, i do drywall taping and finishing, been working for rick at vantera drywall since march 2024, jobs all over minneapolis and the suburbs. rick always said im an "independent contractor," he had me sign some paper when i started, but man, HE tells me what job site to be at and what time, he sends the schedule every sunday night, i ride in the company van with his guys, i use his tools and his stilts, i dont have no other customers, i cant even say no to a job or im off the schedule for two weeks. he pays $24 an hour, always straight time even when we do 54, 56 hours a week which was every week this whole spring, no pay stubs ever, just a check with a number on it, sometimes he'd round my hours down and when i asked about it he'd go "thats what the sheet says."

anyway june 19, a friday, i finally asked him on the site about overtime bc my cousin told me after 48 hours they gotta pay time and a half in minnesota. rick got all red and that same night he texts me "dont bother coming monday, im going a different direction." so im fired, fine, but he NEVER PAID ME for the last two weeks i worked, june 8 to june 19, i got my hours in my notebook, 108 hours. on monday june 22 i texted him formal, like my cousin told me to word it, that i demand my wages, all of it. that was more than two weeks ago. today is july 9 and still nothing, he just says "you get paid when the builder pays me" and then "stop texting me or you'll never see a dime." i think he owes me like $2,600 just for those two weeks, plus all that overtime from before that i never got.

also since he says im a contractor i got a 1099 last year and i had to pay all these taxes myself which killed me, and now im not working and i dont even know if i can get unemployment bc of the contractor thing?? i applied anyway last week, we'll see. i got rent due and my wife is pregnant, i need this money not in six months, like now. i still got the texts, the agreement paper, and my notebook with every week's hours wrote down. can i do anything to make him pay fast, and is there something about him firing me right when i asked about the overtime, bc that timing was NOT a coincidence.
